1. The Link includes a High-Speed signaling mode for fast-data traffic and a Low-Power signaling mode for
control purposes. Optionally, a Low-Power Escape Mode can be used for low speed asynchronous data communication.

2. ...this specification is primarily intended to define a solution for a data rate range of
80 to 1500 Mbps per Lane without deskew calibration, up to 2500 Mbps with deskew calibration, and up to
4500 Mbps with equalization and Spread Spectrum
Clocking.

3. ...if a Lane Module contains a HS-TX it shall also contain a LP-TX. A similar constraint holds for HS-RX and LP-RX.
An LP-TX may support an optional Low Voltage Low Power (LVLP) operation, in which the maximum voltage is limited
in comparison to the normal Low-Power mode

4. ...if a Lane Module containing a LP-RX is powered, that LP-RX shall always be active and continuously
monitor Line levels unless the Lane is configured to work in ALP mode.
...
A LP-TX shall only be enabled when driving Low-Power states.

5. The activities of LP-TX, HS-TX, and HS-RX in a single Lane Module are mutually exclusive except for
some short crossover periods.

6. A complete Link contains, beside Lane Modules, a PHY Adapter Layer that ties all Lanes, the Clock
Multiplier Unit, and the PHY Protocol Interface together.

7. All Lanes shall include Escape Mode support, and may include ALP mode support, for ULPS and Triggers
in the Forward Direction. Other Escape Mode and ALP mode functionality is optional; all possible Escape
Mode and ALP mode features are described in Section 6.

8. Data transmission can be with 8-bit raw data (default) or using 8b9b encoded symbol (see Annex C)

9. Note that Forward ‘Escape’ (ULPS) entry for Clock Lanes is different than
Escape Mode entry for Data Lanes.

10. For a Unidirectional Data Lane the Master Module shall contain at least a HS-TX, a LP-TX, and a CIL-
MFXN function. The Slave side shall contain at least a HS-RX, a LP-RX and a CIL-SFXN

11. For the Clock Lane, only a limited set of Line states is used. However, for Clock Transmission and Low-
Power mode the same TX and RX functions are required as for Unidirectional Data Lanes. A Clock Lane
Module for the Master Side therefore contains a HS-TX, LP-TX, and a CIL-MCNN function, while the
Slave Side Module includes a HS-RX, a LP-RX and a CIL-SCNN function.

The High-Speed DDR Clock is transmitted in quadrature phase with Data signals instead of in-phase.

In addition, the Clock Lane Escape Mode entry is different than that used for Data Lanes. Furthermore,
since a Clock Lane only supports ULPS, an Escape Mode entry code is not required.

12. During High-Speed, or Low-Power, transmission, the Link transports payload data provided by the protocol
layer to the other side of the Link.

The minimum payload data unit shall be one byte. Data provided to a TX and taken from a RX on any Lane
shall be an integer number of bytes. The PHY assumes no particular meaning, value or order of incoming and outgoing data.
Line coding is not required by this specification. However, if Line coding is used, it shall be implemented according to Annex C.

13. Data transmission takes place on protocol request.

The signaling concept, and therefore the
PHY protocol handshake, does not allow data throttling. Any data buffering for this purpose shall be inside
the protocol layer.

14. The primary transmission scheme uses a combination of HS differential signaling and LP mode single-ended signaling.

15. During normal operation either a HS-TX or a LP-TX is driving a Lane.

16. The Stop state has a very exclusive and central function. If the Line levels show a Stop state for the
minimum required time, the PHY state machine shall return to the Stop state regardless of the previous state.

All LP state periods shall be at least T LPX (50ns) in duration.

17. 6 Global operation

18. The Preamble Sequence shall be supported by transmitters and receivers operated above 2.5 Gbps.

19. Using LPDT, a Low-Power (Bit) Clock signal (f MOMENTARY < 20MHz) provided to the transmit side is used to transmit data.


20.The maximum data rate in Low-Power mode is 10 Mbps.

21. In addition, the Clock Lane Escape Mode entry is different than that used for Data Lanes. Furthermore,
since a Clock Lane only supports ULPS, an Escape Mode entry code is not required.





























